added comments on docker initialization with workspace (#2)
open-resources/pl_guides: content/pl_docker/docker_course_dev.md

For development of questions that require an autograder, you will need to set up a local autograder container as well. 

```{important}

> Follow this section for any process that requires usage of 'Open Workspace'. Some questions, such as the example below, contain built-in notebooks. To view these questions, follow the docker initialization command in this section instead of the command described in step 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this section for any questions that require usage of external autograders, including PrairieLearn workspace questions. 

Some questions, such as the example below, contain built-in notebooks. To work with these questions locally, follow the docker initialization command in this section instead of the command described in step 8.
```

```

> <img src="pl_images/open_workspace.png">

Reviewer: Hmm I don't like the idea of exposing the question publicly. Can you crop the screenshot so it's just the open workspace? Alternatively maybe we don't need this image at all

Author: Understood. Cropped the image accordingly.
